Do the same thing, but promise to give away the game with a repost

500K Instagram Followers in 24 hours. The Sunny Co Clothing Scam!
Sunny Co Clothing

A new start up that sells swim suits and shit. On May 2, 2017 they posted a giveaway on their Instagram. (Sort of a scam)

And here is what they posted on their Instagram.

They claim to be giving EVERYONE who reposts the picture and tags them in it, a free suit valued at $60. When girls started reposting the picture, they got over half a million followers in less than 24 hours.

The Problem

Over 100,000 girls shared the photo within 24 hours. Most of the people (participants) actually have never gotten any kind of code and if they have, they have still had to pay outrageous shipping and handling fees.

The swimsuit that they claimed to be worth $60 is same as the one available for $8 on various sites like Amazon, Aliexpress and many others (these are ones with poor material quality).

Same suit is also available for up to $165 on other websites (these are the ones with high quality material)

Those who did get the 'code' for free checkout - had to pay $15 for shipping and handling - which is outrageous - and ended up getting a poor quality swimsuit which was actually worth $8.

So, all in all, Sunny Co. made well over $5 per 'free giveaway' and they gained half a million followers.

Viral Method You should probably read my [Instagram Blueprint] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Entrepreneur/comments/7f6e80/instagram_blue_print/) post before reading further.

We talked about the 'giveaway' and the 'drama' factor in the blue print for growth. Sunny Co is one big example of the 'giveaway' and 'drama' but they took it too far.

However, the question that you should be asking - if you really are serious about Instagram growth is that - how did this post go so viral. Right? I mean sure - there is a FREE giveaway hook - but still - 500,000 people? Thats a lot of exposure right?

FYI - Sunny Co people followed the same blue print I talked about in other post - they too bought a ton of followers and a ton of likes and later they wanted to wash away their sins with this giveaway drama

I honestly feel that if they had limited this giveaway to say 'first 10,000 people' or something- they wouldn't have ended up with so much bad rep.

We can all learn from this. Its NOT impossible to go from 100K fake followers to 600K real followers. You see my point?

If you have been following my previous posts - then yes - Sunny Co people did exactly the same.

They posted a lot of decent photos. Nothing extraordinary to be honest. They bought some 100,000 fake followers to get themselves the social proof. They bought a ton of fake likes to get themselves more of social proof. They probably skipped the engagement pod thing - since they're a company - but you never know. They jumped on the 'giveaway' thing and bought a ton of power likes (went a bit too far) but did end up with 500,000 followers.

So - its not that hard guys.

A few more tips -

Everything can be bought.

You can BUY Instagram impressions. You can BUY Instagram story views. You can BUY Instagram reach. You can BUY Instagram live views and likes.

It can ALL be faked. Trust me. I know this game in and out.

You can buy Instagram followers (targeted) - You can buy Instagram likes (targeted)

Can you believe that?

Sunny Co is ONE example that went bad. They got caught. There are MILLIONS of other companies, brands and celebs that don't get caught while they game the system.

I'll give you another advice - if you want to buy fake shit - buy exactly what these billion dollar social media agencies buy for their clients.

Followers/Likes/Views - they all come in different type of qualities. Obviously.

On YouTube - you can buy normal low quality views (these are cheap) And then you can buy high retention views (these are expensive and they are helpful for video ranking) And then you can buy high retention USA targeted views (these are MORE expensive and are the ones that Sony and Universal Music buy - as per my estimates Sony and Universal Music alone have bought ~10 billion of these views so far)

Even for Instagram - there are cheap quality followers and likes. Ones from profiles that have no display photo, no bio, no followers of their own - basically cheap followers look like bots. To everyone. No point on buying such shit. Instagram is ALWAYS going to find 'bot' like accounts and shut them. So even if you buy 100,000 of cheap followers. You'd probably lose a huge percentage of those in 10-15 days and probably all of those 100,000 would be gone in about 6 months.

Remember gaming social media is expensive. If you wanna do it the cheap way - then don't do it at all.

What you need is to buy ultra premium Instagram followers. These are the ones that most of the time have a profile photo, bio and have a few posts / followers of their own. These can never be shut down by Instagram.

REMEMBER ONE THING

The reason Instagram can't shut premium followers (still bots/fakes) is that they are so much like human - that Instagram can't blindly shut them. Instagram would rather have a million fake bots (that look like human) and not shut them than shut real human accounts by mistake. That makes sense?

The last thing Instagram wants is to make a mistake and shut down thousands of real accounts by mistake.

So - to exploit that - Russian bot coders started making accounts on Instagram that looked so human that even a human can't tell if those followers are real or not. Some of these ultra premium followers have like 100s of posts - a bio and a following of their own. You'd be shocked and confused yourself.

By this time you can even buy Instagram saves. You can buy Twitter auto retweets. You can buy YouTube dislikes and fuck with others. (Do you think that Justin Biebers old song was actually THAT bad? I don't think so. Those millions of dislikes were SURELY purchased)

You can EVEN buy IMDB upvotes (I actually no longer trust IMDB ratings - a lot of times I watch a movie that has like 5/10 and I actually wonder WHY THE FUCK is it 5/10 and then I read reviews and they all are like the movie was AMAZING ... only later I realized - you can buy IMDB ranking - high or low)

You can even buy IP votes - you can buy sound cloud plays - you can spotify - vimeo - I could GO ON AND ON AND ON.

Just trust me. Its all gamed guys! Its all gamed.

IN THE END IT DOESN'T EVEN MATTER

I hope all of you can game it in the start and then wash away your sins.

If Sunny Co could pull it off and get half a mil followers in 24 hours then you can at least aim at 100-200K followers in 24 hours via some giveaway drama right?

Be sure to have the social proof BEFORE you start the giveaway.

As I mentioned in my other post - be SURE to exchange a lot of shoutouts too - and you can then use those contacts to give to you power likes to help your post go viral!

Cheers guys!

I know I get a lot of heat for discussing on how to 'game' the system. But I'm just so thankful for those who appreciate and follow my posts - thanks to all those who inbox me with their appreciation.

Trust me - the ones who hate - either are too stupid to see how everyone around them including the social media companies (FB, IG) are gaming the fuck out of the system

OR

they're just jealous that all this stuff is being disclosed here on Reddit by me!

Either ways! I hope someway or the other you can make it big on Instagram! Cheers!

Guess what?

I am thinking of making a detailed post about LARGE hotels, banks and massive brands - that have millions of fake followers. Lets analyze them and also take into note the billion dollar social media marketing agencies that manage these hotels/banks/brands.

Will try my best to get such a post up by next week.

Cheers guys!
